get crazy and all I have to do is say
Bruno Hoffman starting out with a nollie
360 whoa people 3 up Bruno is one of the
riders who could grind on both sides
yeah
toothpick that was a Papa said it's
called opposite or regular - anything on
his stance and his feet going up 360 off
at the double tire right down the ledge
but a nose matter with the bunny hop on
from the bench first
[Music]
Bruno's throwing down a quick evil our
news
[Music]
look over that line looks like he's
gonna call it early right there our
hands together for Germany's brutal hawk
Bank
[Music]
then it's time for a fourth grader in
the heat incredible style back for
another destructive field run what going
one way and then the mother is sick it's
so technical here's the affiliated bride
consistently both sides yes
we're now doing it first bedroll bikes
bruno's that comes from a BMX family as
a younger brother Carlo it's awesome
amazing also an amazing rider Wow look
at seeing that free coaster that we're
talking about some guys pedal backwards
some don't go to over smashing em front
peg smell the toothpick it free it is
brewed up just so technical a staple in
the European BMX seat for a long time
let's hear for Bruno Hoffmann
[Applause]
[Music]
looking for that
Bruno calling it right there it looks
like all right Alex Kennedy drinkin a
brutal hoppin if you know anything about
Bruno Hoffman you are certainly gonna
want to watch what he's got in store for
last trick
[Applause]
[Music]
you know what this man is capable of you
might have an idea what he's gonna be
sleep
we're singing day in and day out
if anybody owns a 540 on street is that
man right there
Bruno hop and look at brick huge 540
step-down again Darrell talking about
that free coaster when you are rolling
backwards at that speed you have to have
a free coaster because if your pedals
locked up it's just gonna get sent to
your back you got that the red bull
rider looking for this 545 xfinity
alright let's get a little bit crazy in
three two one
[Applause]
simple session maximum respect for Bruno
all right moving right along we do that
the finals were going to be this crazy
don't act like you're surprised all
right now let's gennadiy last trick for
the bed